In this video you're going to learn how to find groups on Facebook that contain your target audience
and how you can promote your business to them in those groups.
So define the groups what do you want to do is come up to this search bar in Facebook and type in keyword
for your business.
So imagine that I was a financial planning consultant.
I could type in something like personal finance could be financial freedom could be something like that
in order to find the groups across the top here I can see Pages posts photos etc. we really want to
focus on the groups and really the groups then you can see them all listed at.
Here you can see the option for public groups or close groups so close groups you'll have to recall
requests to join.
Usually they'll just automatically approve that in 24 hours.
And really what you want to be looking for the groups not really match up with your target audience
so you can have a look at those.
Read what it's about.
And also you want to look for the groups with a decent amount of members and also active groups can
see 10 posts a day.
That's a pretty active group.
We even open this up.
We can get a sense of what it's about the description and new post today you can see it's very active
in here and really the best way though is to go ahead and join the group.
And then once you get inside you can really see if it matches up with your target audience.
So maybe pick five groups and just join them and get access to them to see really what's going on in
there and the types of conversations that they're having now Heidi promote your business in these groups.
Well the key thing is not to promote directly.
I want to show you example of this what you should be doing.
So I'm just going to come in to a group that I am a member of.
I'm going to find a post that I think does this well.
So this is a closed group to join this to be honest.
And this is a great example of it.
Now this guy is a moderator of this group but he wasn't at the time that he posted this.
And really what he's said here is if you don't know me I'm X..
So tell people kind of who you are and ask ask people to ask you anything you know how can you help
us actually.
So if you want to go and promote your business or your product your service in these groups don't just
post a link to your product page.
You have to come in as part of the group and the purpose of these groups is to share ideas to help each
other I wish to be helpful to engage with other people.
So similarly imagine you were walking into a meet up awful line where you're trying to meet similar
minded people you're not just going to go in and hand out a business card you're going to try and be
helpful and get to know people.
And so this is a good example of what you could do.
You know ask me anything common know what's your biggest problem with X topic and really come in and
you'll start to see something like this where you're getting either a lot of people just liking it or
a lot of people asking you a question about ask you anything.
So this is a great examples and give a little bit of social proof.
Why are you an authority and why should they be asking you anything first.
And then you can just say Ask Me Anything below.
And that is a great way to get in front of your target audience to make you aware of them and in your
responses to those comments you can give them a little bit of help respond to them and then you could
even link off to your Web site and say you know what I'd recommend is you do X Y Z and if you want a
little bit more help what.
We'll then check out my web site and you can link back.
So here's an example.
That's a different one.
So 40 common stuff potentially 40 people that you could get as clients out of those groups.
If you help respond to their whatever they're asking you and then you can link back to your product
page or service and say Look hey if you want more help you know connect to me here and we can whatever
you can sign up for my product or I can help you out and Salt Lake cetera.
So the groups are extremely powerful but the key thing that I want to get across is you can't just go
in and paste a link to your site.
You'll probably be banned that the group steered away.
So you need to come in with this kind of helpful attitude and maybe a great idea is give some authority
about who you are and ask people to ask you anything.
And that can give you that opportunity to connect with a lot of people get those comments.
Respond to those comments and link back to your site for the the really the Opsahl whatever it is going
to be.
So that is how you use Facebook groups to promote your product or service.
Go ahead and do that for yourself right now or put this strategy in your back pocket for later.